Repository GuideThis repository contains the code lists used to develop the study cohorts and the comorbidity and kidney replacement therapy status of subjects for the study ÔWhat determines receipt of kidney replacement therapy? A retrospective observational  study of adults who reached kidney failure in England between 2013 and 2021Õ data_acquisition Contains the clinical codes sent to CPRD data controllers to identify the master cohort. The master cohort contained subjects who had a clinical code or eGFR value that may be suggestive of kidney failure. Files in this folder are separated by source of code; CPRD medcode, ICD-10 code, CPRD GFR codes and OPCS-4 procedure code.kidney_failureContains the clinical codes used to identify the study and inclusive kidney failure cohorts in conjunction with the cohort inclusion criteria documented in Box A. Codes are classified as either primary (a strong indicator of kidney failure) or secondary (a weaker indicator of kidney failure). This classification is recorded in the code_type field, where: - 1 = primary- 2 = secondary Files in this folder are presented by source of code; CPRD medcode, ICD-10 code and OPCS-4 procedure code.kidney_replacement_therapy Contains clinical codes used to identify modality of kidney replacement therapy. Modality is specified by the krt_type field, where:- HD = haemodialysis - PD = peritoneal dialysis - Tx = renal transplant- iD = indeterminate dialysis modality Files in this folder are presented by source of code; CPRD medcode, ICD-10 code and OPCS-4 procedure code.comorbidities Contains code lists used to identify presence of comorbidities in subjects. Sub folders contain code list for each respective comorbidity; diabetes mellitus, any dementia, any cancer, cardiovascular disease, peripheral vascular disease, cerebrovascular disease. Files in each sub-folder are presented by source of code; CPRD medcode, ICD-10 code and OPCS-4 procedure code.